PEGI 18 hi I'm Martin cable game
director for Assassin's Creed rogue and
today we'll be taking a look at some of
the new template gameplay in action in
this video meet Shay Patrick Cormac an
assassin turned templer who vows to
bring down the Brotherhood in the New
World and seem in action using a range
of new weapons tools and tactics to hunt
down an assassin and capture a gang
headquarters this is the river valley a
brand new location that provides the
first truly hybrid gameplay bring in
naval and land together in one seamless
world and experience the river valley is
set in the American interior where the
colonial forces of Britain and France
fought through supremacy during the
Seven Years War and the waterways were a
lifeline for both nations Shay's ship
the Morrigan is equipped with the most
advanced weaponry for its day first of
all we see the carronades front cannons
the fire explosive shots able to damage
and stun enemy ships then we move in to
finish off our opponents with the ramp
besides its weaponry the Morrigan is
also faster and more maneuverable than
the jack door from Assassin's Creed for
allowing you to turn tighter and avoid
enemy fire more efficiently
the Morrigan also features Puckle guns
18th century machine guns that you can
use in 30 modes of target weak spots and
engage smaller ships with deadly effect
and if you find yourself being chased
and you can use another template tactic
the burning oil barrels they slow down
enemy ships and deal a great amount of
damage with the enemy ships destroyed we
can now proceed with taking over the
gang headquarters as you can see from
the mini-map the area is shaded in
orange this indicates that the
headquarters in the area surrounding it
are controlled by gangs loyal to the
assassins a collection of lawless
criminals and privateers who fight the
colonial powers for dominance in the New
World
as you step ashore you will see the
objectives you need to complete to take
control of the headquarters to destroy
the barrels of poison gas to cut down
the assassin flag and to kill the gang
leader the assassin yeah Shay's new
arsenal includes an air rifle and
grenade launcher the grenade launcher
uses a range of area effect ammunition
types such as the sleep grenade while
the air rifle offers more precision as
you move through the trees you can hear
whispers in the background but this is
Shea's Eagle sense telling him there as
a stoker nearby stalkers are masters of
ambush who can hide and even lawnchair
assassinations against you but Shay is
able to turn the tables on his opponent
in rogue we encourage players to use all
the tools at their disposal to
manipulate people and to create
confusion and diversion
so now we are moving in on the first of
our objectives a barrel of poison gas
Shay claims the building to shoot the
gunner with a sleep dart then moves
across to neutralize him using a
firecracker dark shade splits the barrel
spilling its contents and affecting
those people closest to it moving on to
the next barrel this time we will get in
close for rogue we have improved the
navigation making it easier to access
five places and to move around freely
and fluidly
as the brow breaks che uses his gas mask
to protect himself the gas mask is proof
against smoke bombs and all other
poisons provided you're equipping time
moving into the hearts of the gang
headquarters let's destroy the third and
final barrel to complete our first
objective
again Shay using a firecracker diet to
destroy the barrel this time you can see
a prisoner being affected by the gas and
join in the fight an injured guard using
a smoke bomb and guards coming in to
attack the desert enemies and becoming
berserk themselves with the poison
barrels destroyed let's move on our next
target is the assassin these are the
most effective enemies in rogue
switching on eagle vision we can see
that is nearby so let's proceed with
caution the assassin delivers a
devastating strike and throws a smoke
bomb to disorientate shape vishay uses
his gas mask and negate the effects of
the smoke and gives chase the assassin
shoots shape and calls in reinforcements
to his aid
using one of his enemies as a shield
against the gunner shady deals with
these guards and resumed the hunt for
the assassin the compass and eagle
vision shows us that the assassin is
behind this building so going up high we
can launch another attack this time the
assassin uses smoke to try and stun you
while he and his men attack but with his
guards defeated the assassin fleas again
in his attempts to kill you he is satin
is even able to use the environment
against you such as shooting barrels of
gunpowder
finally Shay takes to the rooftops to
chase the assassin down and succeeds in
in eliminating him using an eros a
solution with the assassin neutralized
the final objective is to tear down the
symbol of gang control their flag as he
throws the flag onto the fire Shay
completes his conquest of the gang
headquarters we hope you've enjoyed this
latest glimpse into assassins creed
rogue and we look forward to you joining
us and shade in his epic adventure
you